[spotify] Changed deviceName and playlists channels (#5434)
openhab/openhab2-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.spotify/README.md

The following configuration option is available on the Spotify device:

| Parameter  | Description                                             |
|------------|---------------------------------------------------------|
| deviceName | This is the device name provided by Spotify (Required). |

## Supported Things

All Spotify Connect capable devices should be discoverable through this binding.
If you can control them from Spotify Player app on your PC/Mac/iPhone/Android/xxx you should be able to add it as a thing.
Some devices can be restricted and not available for playing. The bridge will make these available in the discovery of devices, but they will never be ONLINE.
A Spotify web player in a browser is only available as long as the page is open.
It will get a unique id for that session.
If you close the page it will be gone.
Opening a new web player will result in a new id.
Some devices will not be visible (i.e. Chrome casts) when they are not active.

> They go into a sleep mode and are not visible through the Spotify Web API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some devices will not be visible (i.e. Chrome casts) when they are not active (they go into a sleep mode and are not visible through the Spotify Web API).
```

> The binding will them show as _GONE_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The binding will show tem as _GONE_.
```

If no devices are showing up, try to connect to the device(s) from your smartphone or computer to make sure the device(s) are in use by your user account.

The discovery of devices in the Spotify Web API is based on what is known by Spotify.

> There is difference from e.g. smartphones and computers which can discover devices on the local network - the Web API cannot do that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is difference between e.g. smartphones and computers which can discover devices on the local network and the Web API which is not able to do so.
```
